Hey, hey, hey.
Not everyone can get in and out
I came to my grandson's company to give benefits to employees.
Your grandson, this whole building is like a road
I think you have Alzheimer's
You are the recorder
No, hurry up
I'm going to kick him out if he doesn't leave
Lin Ziyun
Don't you even have the basic qualities of respecting the old and loving the young?
nosy
Grandpa little girl
You work here?
Yes. Can I help you?
Waiter, who are you looking for?
Looking for that granddaughter-in-law who I don't eat you
It's like we make a phone call. What's your name?
Hey, what's your wife's name?
Don't bother him.
I won't tell you.
Smile, you think I can't take you
I have arrived at your company.
Let's go to the company to consult one by one.
No, I'll get it for you.
Thanks.